---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### Christopher Snider & Tidepool
Reflecting on Christopher Snider’s presentation, his role as Community Manager for Tidepool showcased the impactful ways open source can be leveraged in healthcare technology. Unlike typical enterprises that may prioritize competitive advantage, Tidepool harnesses open source to foster transparency and enhance community trust. Snider pointed out that, in a break from industry norms where regulatory bodies might be viewed as obstacles, Tidepool embraces the FDA, even making all communications with the agency public. This practice of openness, emphasizes Tidepool's dedication to transparency and accountability. It also highlights their commitment to not just meeting but integrating regulatory standards into their mission to empower the diabetes community. By involving the community in these interactions, Tidepool demystifies the regulatory process and strengthens trust, which can be crucial for building supportive and informed patient networks.


### Group Progress
My group has been progressing well, especially with the recent success of submitting a significant pull request. This involved learning Perl and implementing a new API route, which was challenging but ultimately rewarding as it enhances the user experience by providing real-time feedback on nutrition submissions. However, we face the group challenge of optimizing our collaboration. While frequent in-person meetings have improved our workflow, better role distribution could prevent redundancy and enhance efficiency. On a personal level, I need to improve my engagement with project maintainers. I've realized that rather than spending excessive time deciphering project structures on my own, utilizing our active Slack channel for clarifications can expedite my work and ensure accuracy in my contributions.