---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

### Reflecting on Open Source Initiatives in Various Fields

In this week's class, we delved into the application of open source principles beyond their traditional software context, exploring fields as varied as agriculture, sports, and urban planning. A standout example from our discussion was the Open Source Seeds Initiative (OSSI). This initiative applies open source licensing to seeds, allowing users not only to use the seeds but also to modify, breed, and share them freely. This breaks away from the restrictive patents of commercial agriculture and represents a shift towards more sustainable and collaborative farming practices.

Discussing OSSI highlighted the potential of open source thinking when applied to global challenges like food security and agricultural diversity. It demonstrates how open source can empower communities by dismantling barriers to entry and fostering innovation through collaboration.


### Group Progress: Advancing Our Technical Implementation

Our group has made progress this week in refining the real-time interaction issue. We've implemented a system that works, however, we are still working on adequetly testing it and improving the code style.

Additionally, we are close to finishing the issue of properly managing image storage. We're developing a more sophisticated system to manage the lifecycle of images within our application, which includes secure storage and proper deletion protocols.

Integrating testing for these new features has been a major focus. This has been a learning curve for us, as it involves understanding and applying best practices in testing methodologies.

This week has reinforced the value of perseverance and detailed attention in tackling complex software development challenges. We're committed to pushing through the difficulties to deliver updates that meets our high standards for Open Food Facts. While it is likely we will get more feedback and need another round (or two) of revisions, we seek to continue working on these issues until they are ready to be implemented into the project. 






