---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---


### Cathedral and the Bizaar
Reflecting on our discussion about "The Cathedral and the Bazaar," the lesson "To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you" resonated. The conversation highlighted that success in any project often hinges on the maintainers' interest and dedication. In fact, many projects tend to falter or fail when those involved lose their passion, reinforcing the necessity of engaging with problems that personally inspire. 



### Group Progress
As for our group's progress, we are tackling several technical challenges that require us to refine our collaborative and technical skills. One major group challenge is implementing live feedback for user inputs to ensure data quality, which demands real-time data handling and user interface updates. Additionally, managing how product images are stored and deleted needs careful consideration of data integrity and storage practices. A hurdle we are encountering is integrating comprehensive testing for these features. None of us have extensive experience with testing, so this is a steep learning curve we need to navigate together.
On a personal level, the class discussions have encouraged me to improve my approach to software development. Particularly, I recognize the need to spend more time planning and strategizing before diving into coding. This is especially relevant as I am working with Perl, a language new to both me and the group. My tendency to rush into coding has occasionally led to overlooking better design strategies, which could have been identified with more thorough planning. 