---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### Video Takeaways
The landscape of open source software (OSS) has evolved significantly, extending beyond its IT origins into diverse sectors such as finance, telecommunications, and media. This expansion highlights a strategic shift towards leveraging OSS not only as a technological tool but also as a crucial element in business innovation and competitive strategy.

Open Source Across Industries
The establishment of Open Source Program Offices (OSPOs) in non-tech industries signifies a deeper integration of open source principles. These offices are instrumental in mitigating risks and maximizing the benefits of open source adoption. Industry leaders, such as Nithya Ruff of Comcast and Gil Yehuda of U.S. Bank, emphasize OSPOs' role in shaping software development and consumption within their companies. Meanwhile, media giants like Netflix and Sony Pictures Imageworks have adopted open source to collaboratively develop tools for color management and editing, underscoring a collective move towards shared innovation in traditionally proprietary spaces.

InnerSource: Enhancing Internal Collaboration
Adopting InnerSource practices—applying open source methods internally—has also been transformative. Companies like NearForm and Europace discuss how InnerSource promotes breaking down silos and fosters a more collaborative and transparent work environment. This approach not only accelerates technological advancements but also cultivates a culture of shared responsibility and continuous learning.

### Personal Project Insights
A standout aspect has been the exceptional communication from project maintainers. Despite the large number of contributors, maintainers consistently provide prompt and insightful feedback through Slack. This level of engagement has greatly enhanced our learning experience and eased our integration into the project community.

Our contributions so far have included improvements in styling, updating setup instructions, and translating content to make the project more accessible to a wider audience. These tasks have been helpful in familiarizing ourselves with the project's operations and community norms.

Currently, we are working on a more ambitious task: implementing live feedback for user inputs on product details. This feature aims to enhance the user experience by providing immediate responses as users interact with the interface. 

One of the biggest challenges we've encountered is selecting the right issues to tackle. We aim to balance making impactful contributions with choosing tasks that are achievable given our skillsets. 

To improve our coordination and efficiency, we've been striving to increase our touchpoints throughout the week. More frequent meetings will help us plan more effectively and tackle issues more strategically. 