---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Reflecting on Classroom Insights and Personal Contributions
---

### Reflections on Class Discussions and Videos

The recent discussions and video sessions in class shed light on the significant role of open source projects in promoting social good. The concept of using open source to democratize education, particularly through the development and distribution of free, peer-reviewed textbooks, struck a chord with me. It underscored the collective power of community-driven projects to disrupt traditional barriers in education, such as the high costs associated with proprietary textbooks. Additionally, exploring the potential of open source technology in agriculture, specifically through farming technology, broadened my understanding of how these principles can be applied across various sectors, not just in software development.

As a computer scientist, I am beginning to see the tangible ways I can contribute to these kinds of initiatives. Beyond coding, my role could involve advocating for open standards, contributing to the development of educational resources, or supporting projects that aim to make technology accessible to underrepresented communities.

### Small Contributions and Ongoing Challenges

As far as personal contributions, I've raised an issue with the CAS calendar link on our course website, suggesting it more accurately alighns with the course's timeline via filters. My efforts to improve the information available on OpenStreetMap for my hometown and apartment area represent small steps towards contributing data to the community.

I am seeking to contribute to freeCodeCamp and have begun this process by reading guidelines and setting up the gitpod workspace. My contributions thus far have been completed in a burst and I will improve this by contributing more sunstantially and on a more regular basis. 